cra	StrikeR
crs	DefendR
cra	Bash
cra	Anger
cra	Body Slam
cra	Clash
cra	Cleave
cra	Clothesline
cra	Headbutt
cra	Heavy Blade
cra	Iron Wave
cra	Perfected Strike
cra	Pommel Strike
cra	Sword Boomerang
cra	Thunderclap
cra	Twin Strike
cra	Wild Strike
ura	Blood for Blood
ura	Carnage
ura	Dropkick
ura	Hemokinesis
ura	Pummel
ura	Rampage
ura	Reckless Charge
ura	Searing Blow
ura	Sever Soul
ura	Uppercut
ura	Whirlwind
rra	Bludgeon
rra	Feed
rra	Fiend Fire
rra	Immolate
rra	Reaper
crs	Armaments
crs	Flex
crs	Havoc
crs	Shrug It Off
crs	True Grit
crs	Warcry
urs	Battle Trance
urs	Bloodletting
urs	Burning Pact
urs	Disarm
urs	Dual Wield
urs	Entrench
urs	Flame Barrier
urs	Ghostly Armor
urs	Infernal Blade
urs	Intimidate
urs	Power Through
urs	Rage
urs	Second Wind
urs	Seeing Red
urs	Sentinel
urs	Shockwave
urs	Spot Weakness
rrs	Double Tap
rrs	Exhume
rrs	Impervious
rrs	Limit Break
rrs	Offering
urp	Combust
urp	Dark Embrace
urp	Evolve
urp	Feel No Pain
urp	Fire Breathing
urp	Inflame
urp	Metallicize
urp	Rupture
rrp	Barricade
rrp	Berserk
rrp	Brutality
rrp	Corruption
rrp	Demon Form
rrp	Juggernaut
cga	StrikeG
cgs	DefendG
cga	Neutralize
cgs	Survivor
cga	Bane
cga	Dagger Spray
cga	Dagger Throw
cga	Flying Knee
cga	Poisoned Stab
cga	Quick Slash
cga	Slice
cga	Sneaky Strike
cga	Sucker Punch
uga	All-Out Attack
uga	Backstab
uga	Choke
uga	Dash
uga	Endless Agony
uga	Eviscerate
uga	Finisher
uga	Flechettes
uga	Heel Hook
uga	Masterful Stab
uga	Predator
uga	Riddle with Holes
uga	Skewer
rga	Die Die Die
rga	Glass Knife
rga	Grand Finale
rga	Unload
cgs	Acrobatics
cgs	Backflip
cgs	Blade Dance
cgs	Cloak and Dagger
cgs	Deadly Poison
cgs	Deflect
cgs	Dodge and Roll
cgs	Outmaneuver
cgs	Piercing Wail
cgs	Prepared
ugs	Blur
ugs	Bouncing Flask
ugs	Calculated Gamble
ugs	Catalyst
ugs	Concentrate
ugs	Crippling Cloud
ugs	Distraction
ugs	Escape Plan
ugs	Expertise
ugs	Leg Sweep
ugs	Reflex
ugs	Setup
ugs	Tactician
ugs	Terror
rgs	Adrenaline
rgs	Alchemize
rgs	Bullet Time
rgs	Burst
rgs	Corpse Explosion
rgs	Doppelganger
rgs	Malaise
rgs	Nightmare
rgs	Phantasmal Killer
rgs	Storm of Steel
ugp	Accuracy
ugp	Caltrops
ugp	Footwork
ugp	Infinite Blades
ugp	Noxious Fumes
ugp	Well-Laid Plans
rgp	A Thousand Cuts
rgp	After Image
rgp	Envenom
rgp	Tools of the Trade
rgp	Wraith Form
cba	StrikeB
cbs	DefendB
cbs	Dualcast
cbs	Zap
cba	Ball Lightning
cba	Barrage
cba	Beam Cell
cba	Claw
cba	Cold Snap
cba	Compile Driver
cba	Go for the Eyes
cba	Rebound
cba	Streamline
cba	Sweeping Beam
uba	Blizzard
uba	Bullseye
uba	Doom and Gloom
uba	FTL
uba	Melter
uba	Rip and Tear
uba	Scrape
uba	Sunder
rba	All for One
rba	Core Surge
rba	Hyperbeam
rba	Meteor Strike
rba	Thunder Strike
cbs	Charge Battery
cbs	Coolheaded
cbs	Hologram
cbs	Leap
cbs	Recursion
cbs	Stack
cbs	Steam Barrier
cbs	TURBO
ubs	Aggregate
ubs	Auto-Shields
ubs	Boot Sequence
ubs	Chaos
ubs	Chill
ubs	Consume
ubs	Darkness
ubs	Double Energy
ubs	Equilibrium
ubs	Force Field
ubs	Fusion
ubs	Genetic Algorithm
ubs	Glacier
ubs	Overclock
ubs	Recycle
ubs	Reinforced Body
ubs	Reprogram
ubs	Skim
ubs	Tempest
ubs	White Noise
rbs	Amplify
rbs	Fission
rbs	Multi-Cast
rbs	Rainbow
rbs	Reboot
rbs	Seek
ubp	Capacitor
ubp	Defragment
ubp	Heatsinks
ubp	Hello World
ubp	Loop
ubp	Self Repair
ubp	Static Discharge
ubp	Storm
rbp	Biased Cognition
rbp	Buffer
rbp	Creative AI
rbp	Echo Form
rbp	Electrodynamics
rbp	Machine Learning
cpa	StrikeP
cps	DefendP
cpa	Eruption
cps	Vigilance
cpa	Bowling Bash
cpa	Consecrate
cpa	Crush Joints
cpa	Cut Through Fate
cpa	Empty Fist
cpa	Flurry of Blows
cpa	Flying Sleeves
cpa	Follow-Up
cpa	Just Lucky
cpa	Sash Whip
upa	Carve Reality
upa	Conclude
upa	Fear No Evil
upa	Reach Heaven
upa	Sands of Time
upa	Signature Move
upa	Talk to the Hand
upa	Tantrum
upa	Wallop
upa	Weave
upa	Wheel Kick
upa	Windmill Strike
rpa	Brilliance
rpa	Lesson Learned
rpa	Ragnarok
cps	Crescendo
cps	Empty Body
cps	Evaluate
cps	Halt
cps	Pressure Points
cps	Prostrate
cps	Protect
cps	Third Eye
cps	Tranquility
ups	Collect
ups	Deceive Reality
ups	Empty Mind
ups	Foreign Influence
ups	Indignation
ups	Inner Peace
ups	Meditate
ups	Perseverance
ups	Pray
ups	Sanctity
ups	Simmering Fury
ups	Swivel
ups	Wave of the Hand
ups	Worship
ups	Wreath of Flame
rps	Alpha
rps	Blasphemy
rps	Conjure Blade
rps	Deus Ex Machina
rps	Judgment
rps	Omniscience
rps	Scrawl
rps	Spirit Shield
rps	Vault
rps	Wish
upp	Battle Hymn
upp	Fasting
upp	Foresight
upp	Like Water
upp	Mental Fortress
upp	Nirvana
upp	Rushdown
upp	Study
rpp	Deva Form
rpp	Devotion
rpp	Establishment
rpp	Master Reality
uca	Dramatic Entrance
uca	Flash of Steel
uca	Mind Blast
uca	Swift Strike
rca	Hand of Greed
cca	Bite
cca	Expunger
cca	Ritual Dagger
cca	Shiv
cca	Smite
cca	Through Violence
ucs	Bandage Up
ucs	Blind
ucs	Dark Shackles
ucs	Deep Breath
ucs	Discovery
ucs	Enlightenment
ucs	Finesse
ucs	Forethought
ucs	Good Instincts
ucs	Impatience
ucs	Jack of All Trades
ucs	Madness
ucs	Panacea
ucs	Panic Button
ucs	Purity
ucs	Trip
rcs	Apotheosis
rcs	Chrysalis
rcs	Master of Strategy
rcs	Metamorphosis
rcs	Secret Technique
rcs	Secret Weapon
rcs	The Bomb
rcs	Thinking Ahead
rcs	Transmutation
rcs	Violence
ccs	Apparition
ccs	Beta
ccs	Insight
ccs	J.A.X.
ccs	Miracle
ccs	Safety
rcp	Magnetism
rcp	Mayhem
rcp	Panache
rcp	Sadistic Nature
ccp	Omega
s	Burn
s	Dazed
s	Slimed
s	Void
s	Wound
c	Ascender's Bane
c	Clumsy
c	Curse of the Bell
c	Decay
c	Doubt
c	Injury
c	Necronomicurse
c	Normality
c	Pain
c	Parasite
c	Pride
c	Regret
c	Shame
c	Writhe
